This file describes some of the overview related files.
Currently these scripts don't yet work well given the fact that they
work on the working database instead of the UI database.
The parkcase needs to first be rewritten to work on a per item
incremental basis, what it curently does not before optimal
cooperation can be achieved. Possibly we will need to work with a single
database with more different copies of the same data, with one set of
tables for the backend and one set of copies for the frontend.

dsm2: This version of the DSM creates (on demand) tables that maintain the scalar types
      as defined in the xml metadata. Further it uses a bit different names for 
      tables and fields of the metadata tables, what makes it only suitable for the
      new UI. No plans exist to backport the old UI to the new DSM.

uiconvert.pl: This script updates the old table names and field names from the
              database to the new ones, and if needed also the other way arround.
	      It can be used to allow runs of the old DSM to be partialy usable
	      in the new UI, or to allow the old UI to be used on data created by
	      the new DSM.


overviewgenerics.sql:	defines the UI specific derived tables. Some needed for overviews.

dbcategories.pl: This script fills or updates the metaname table that
                 indicates what type of scalar each row table holds.
		 Next to this it parses the dsm.conf and fills the clasification
		 table stating what source would have created particular types of metadata.

itemoverview.pl: This script updates the distinctstringmeta and the distinctyearmeta tables
                 for a diven item (uses the item id serial as argument).
		 These tables are needed to create overviews.
                 Please note there is a problem with NULL values in these tables that still
		 needs to be fixed.

itemthumbs.pl:	 This script updates the /var/ocfa/<case>/thumbnail tree and the thumbnails table
                 in the database for a particular item.
		 The /var/ocfa/<case>/thumbnail dir will contain the thumbnail version of images found 
		 in the /var/ocfa/<case>/repository tree.

itemancestor.pl  This script updates the ancestor table for a specific item.
                 This table can be used to find the data carriing ancestors and descendants of
		 evidences. It can be used by the sticky category implementation and by the
		 UI part designed to tackle the SELF digestsource problem. The later could
		 be done in conjunction with the rowdigestselffirst metadata table.


